[KEP-2400] Update swap with beta2 deprecations (#45128)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes.md

{{< feature-state state="beta" for_k8s_version="v1.28" >}}

To enable swap on a node, the `NodeSwap` feature gate must be enabled on
the kubelet (default is true), and the `--fail-swap-on` command line flag or `failSwapOn`
[configuration setting](/docs/reference/config-api/kubelet-config.v1beta1/)
must be set to false. 

> To allow Pods to utilize swap, `swapBehavior` should be set to `LimitedSwap` in the kubelet config.

Reviewer: Currently `LimitedSwap` is the only swap behavior that allows pods to utilize swap. However, in the future we may want to add more behaviors.

Do you think we can instead write something like:
```suggestion
To allow Pods to utilize swap, `swapBehavior` should not be set to `NoSwap` (which is the default behavior) in the kubelet config.
```
